README.md, before:

# Group-Project-1# Horiseon web page

## *Objective* 
This Project is a Website Designed for a company that specilizes in image/and brand awarness.<br>
The task of this project was to take a mock up and make it a full featured demo page.<br>
There was an added task of making it more accessible without losing the original feel or content.<br>

### Method
I started by using some assets provied to me to meet the mockup. I then did some reaserch on accessability.<br>
I found webaim.org (a group who focuses on web accesability) and through them the nfb(national federation for the blind).<br>
The nfb put out a survey in 2016 on many topics but my key take-away was that there are many screen readers out there<br>
with two leading in ussage(both in the 40%'s).One of them was on the fall and the other `NVDA` was on the rise.<br>
i downloaded that software to try to familiarize myself with it whilst also doing some reading to try to find<br>
wants and needs in the community.



![Image](https://img.shields.io/badge/languages-html%20%7C%20css%20%7C%20javascript-blue)<br>
![Image](https://img.shields.io/website?down_color=red&down_message=Down&style=plastic&up_color=Lightgreen&up_message=Up&url=https%3A%2F%2Frickycohen88.github.io%2FCodeRefractor%2F)<br>
[![Support Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/758849764959191071.svg?color=7289da&label=UofMcohort&logo=discord&style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/HaWKVB6)<br>
[![Support Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/568508644669390905.svg?color=7289da&label=Personal&logo=discord&style=pastic)](https://discord.gg/Sj6HrJQ)




### Usage 
This page could be used as a starting place for making a web page accecible.

### Instalation
To make the project work you will need -
* an editor or ide that will save file in the proper types*(html,css,javascript)* <br>
`Visual Studio or Visual Studio Code` will work great.
* using a version control system you can fork and clone my repo, you could also<br>
just download the files directly for git hub.

### Deployed website and screenshots
![Image](images/title.JPG "website title")
![Image](images/Screen1.JPG "Screenshot 1")
![Image](images/screen2.JPG "Screenshot 2")

[Link](https://rickycohen88.github.io/CodeRefractor/)

### Credits
* Trillogy Education
* Webaim.org
* nvaccess

### Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes,<br>
please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.<br>
 Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.


### License

    Made with ❤️️ by Horiseon
    2019 Horiseon Social Solution Services, Inc.
    
    © 2020 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

readme updates iso file added

README.md, after:

# Word Connections
### `a Positive Affirmations creation`

## *Objective* 
# Our goal was to craete a websiite that meets the criteria of the following user story.

`AS A person who doesn’t know this word`
*I WANT to be able to easily search in one spot and find tons of cool stuff about the word*
*SO THAT I now know how to use the word*


### Method
We started by planning on a white board the layout of the website and what we wanted it to do<br>
We then decided on the tools we would use ( css framework/api's). Next our team created a kanban board and defined the tasks we had to work<br>



![Image](https://img.shields.io/badge/languages-html%20%7C%20css%20%7C%20javascript-blue)<br>
![Image](https://img.shields.io/website?down_color=red&down_message=Down&style=plastic&up_color=Lightgreen&up_message=Up&url=https%3A%2F%2Fphillipmerriman.github.io%2FGroup-Project-1%2F)<br>
[![Support Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/758849764959191071.svg?color=7289da&label=UofMcohort&logo=discord&style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/HaWKVB6)<br>
[![Support Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/568508644669390905.svg?color=7289da&label=Personal&logo=discord&style=pastic)](https://discord.gg/Sj6HrJQ)



### Usage 
to make word definition and usage connections.

### Instalation
To make the project work you will need -
* an editor or ide that will save file in the proper types *(html,css,javascript)* <br>
`Visual Studio or Visual Studio Code` will work great.
* using a version control system you can fork and clone my repo, you could also<br>
just download the files directly for git hub.

### Deployed website and screenshots
![Image](Assets/Main.PNG "website title")
![Image](Assets/two.PNG "Screenshot 1")
![Image](Assets/three.PNG "Screenshot 2")

[Link](https://phillipmerriman.github.io/Group-Project-1/)

### Credits
* Trillogy Education
* Gify-api [Link](https://developers.giphy.com/)
* Webster Merriam [Link](https://dictionaryapi.com/)
* YouTube Api [Link](https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3)

### Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes,<br>
please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.<br>
 Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.


### License

    
    © 2020 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.
